Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to be able to, like, comments.
Okay, then let's do this.
We need to go back to obvious awkward and then the controllers territory and then the comment and the
SQL controller fi.
And now we can use controller and beats and make this work.
Okay, now over here, we're going to need to create a function and we're going to call this function
like comments within the parenthesis.
We're going to pass in a dynamic rainbow.
We struggle to call a heidi hand because specify the type of variable that it is a different type of
string and over.
Yet we can add this we're going to be using the weight and another T is the weight we need to use the
async over here.
Okay, great.
Now the reason for this idea is because whenever we call this like commit function, we want to be able
to pass a value to this variable called Heidi the K great.
Now the next step is what we're going to need to do is we're going to first check if the user as already
liked the comments at to check we're going to check based on the user uid.
Okay.
Not to do this.
What we can do is over here we can create a variable.
It's we're going to call this variable uid then it's going to be equal to the auto controller class.
We should send before all controller and we can see that user and uid.
And we can add an object to this.
Now, the user we are afraid to is user we have over here.
Okay, great.
Now, if for any reason you don't have it, you can basically just pause the video and had this.
Okay, like a super.
Yeah, we have a variable called or the score user and we cannot have access to this variable because
it is a private variable as we cannot access as variable outside this fly.
So what we simply did was to create a private variable called user and we are having access to this
user and we are saying dots value.
So everything we have over here is equal to this user.
Okay, great.
So if for any reason you did have this, you can basically just had this now.
And we can go back to this.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing is to fetch the comments or have access to the comments fields.
That is why this feels okay not to do this.
I just want to specify it is a type of document snapshot because we are only going to be able to like
just comments like this, this we are not liking this and automatically like, all right, so we're
just going to like each comment.
Okay.
And over here we can call this doc and it's going to be a quarter to eight and fire.
For our store.
Faster debt collection.
In order to have access to the comments, we first need to pass through the evidence collection.
And to Pastor Darrell.
And that group is post I.D., right?
And now we can associate collection again.
And it's going to be for the comments.
And in that to us as each duck that is is comments, we can just say ID this I.D. and for the now,
we don't have anybody do it.
Whenever I call this like comments, we're going to pass a value to it.
And the value we can then say.
DOT gets the K grades.
Okay.
Now the nesting is to check.
To check if the user has liked the comments or not.
Not to do that, we're going to need that statement of here so we can say if doc, we can just add another
parenthesis and see if Doc.
DOT data.
We need to convey this to us dynamic.
And how this likes writes me about this variable doc is a variable that has access to all our comments
fields such as the comment itself that they publish the ID lies four or five footsie and others write.
So we can see.
If the like sorry we are having access to the lights and we can then see doors.
Contains.
You can see we can't actually key to that.
We can just grade that contains the unity that is the UID of the user.
Okay.
If it contains the UI of the user, it means the user as already liked that comment.
Right.
Okay.
So all we can do is we can say faster.
First or.
Darts collection.
And as for videos.
And dark.
This car post I.D..
And as were thoughts collection.
Comments.
And Dot.
Duck.
I do.
And now we can.
Nancy.
Dots of dates, right.
Okay.
That's a date.
We can't just use this.
And how the cynical view.
Okay.
Now we can of dates that likes fields to say field.
Field.
Field Value Duds.
Hurray!
Remove ads.
We want to remove the UID.
Okay.
Great.
So I think this is going to be at least.
Right.
Okay.
So we need to round this meeting at least, and I think we basically need that by day.
Okay, great.
Now, what we simply doing is over here, we created a duck rainbow.
Oh, he created the rainbow card duck.
And we are simply having access to our comments collection.
Right.
Remember, his comment collection is inside the videos collection.
Within the videos collection.
There is a breach called the unity.
And in that, in order to sell this collection, we first need to pass through all those obstacles,
such as the videos, the group.
That is the idea which I have shown you before and the comments.
And now we assess each stock, each document that is each comment and the recipe gets in it.
So now this rainbow has access to all these views.
And over here we are saying, Doc, the data is dynamic.
We assess and he likes the likes property within the comments and we are see if it contains the uid
it's mes that's the yardi the users already liked.
So what we are simply doing is we are detained.
That's comments collection.
And you can see over here we are calling the flags, we are removing the UID.
Removing the UID means the user is not liked.
That is no longer like in the comments.
Again, like you can just going to see this.
Okay.
So all we can do now is s.
Else else.
Else we can then see if we can just basically copy this or go do this again.
It is a firebase so fast or.
Dutch collection.
Videos.
The White Dirt Duck.
That's called post I.D. and collection.
Comments.
Comments and thought what the doc.
I'd.
Right.
And as well a lot of dates.
Okay as well wants updated likes field.
But this time around are in the same field.
Value.
But what Harry had.
And it is released.
So we need to see your I.D..
Okay.
Great.
So you can just basically see these assets all go.
So over here we okay?
I think we need a surveyor.
Surveyor?
We are simply saying if the user liked the.
As like the comments before by clicking on this we want to like.
Right.
So now like that's me.
We don't longer have the user uid again.
LS this open?
You understand?
So this is the opposite of this.
We are adding and removing it adding remove it added removing had added removing.
Okay.
Okay, now we can try this out.
We're gonna need to go back to the.
Comment screen.
And we already have access to the comment controller over here.
You can see.
And within the like.
It is the view now of others.
I can't.
We need to rob this with the button.
So control dots are output.
Widgets are going to rob this with a button type of equal.
Remember we have different type of button type.
You can as well go with the gesture detector.
So as you know, we have the on tap.
Like we can just use it for a narrow function for this and call the comment controller.
Comment controller, comment controller and say darts.
The what like comments.
Okay.
And the ID is what?
The comments.
The art.
I you can just check what this what their offense has committed to it.
If you forgot it.
And now we can just all three studies.
And see.
Okay.
And.
If we start.
Okay.
Feminazi start and we can check this out.
As well.
We can take our time in our.
Hopefully there is not going to be anywhere else.
Okay.
Now we can.
Click on this comment.
Kirkland is.
Okay.
Now let's try to see.
I think.
Okay, you can see over here we have one likes.
Okay, now this is zero.
Click on.
This is going to be wide.
Okay.
Now let's check our database to see.
Looks like all we can do is we can't go back to the weeds collection.
And hopefully we are currently in the right.
Okay.
We can't because I don't really know the comment.
We're.
Like this, like the first one.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can see the unity.
Okay.
He's working, right.
Now, what we can also do is.
Over this cholera that is there fever.
You can see we have this icons of here right now.
We have this color, the red.
Now what we can do, we can call the comments.
The comments.
Dodds.
You can see the likes and dots contains if it contains the user you ID so you can and that's again user
ID you can see all the controller.
Your watch Dutch user ID.
And if it continues, sir, I think we need.
This does not check.
If it contains the user ID, it means the user asks current.
Right.
So want to show the red color.
Else who wants to say colors?
What?
Okay.
Now he's comptroller at the FCC.
And you can see we have key.
Okay.
This as.
Okay, let's do this.
Okay.
What?
We can just do this all at the start.
So if these are your idea is already there.
We just want to show read.
If not want to see.
We want it to be white.
Okay.
You can see.
So therefore it is.
Should be what it should be.
White.
Again, you can see this has zero lives and it is white.
So maybe they will click on it by liking it.
It's not hard to read.
So you can see it has one like one like one like one black, one like.
Right as well.
You can like this, you can on like this you can see nine zero.
So when we click on this, the height, the authority of the user gets added.
So you can see this check to.
This should be the last.
You can see currently there is you already.
So when we will like.
Okay.
It's going to go off hopefully.
Probably didn't get updated with time like you can see is guard.
You can see.
So click on it again is going to get harder at.
Right.
Okay.
So does or does what they check?
Means over a year.
So we are simply checking if the user ID is there.
It's means the user has already liked that comment.
So we want to remove it.
So by doing all this, we are able to like and like so you can see is of the it's in re time we check
over here you can see is gone and we currently of all right and do it again is going to come back to
this okay okay now if when there is a does still this time you can do what so let me know fully since
before I was available to.